---
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     ***     AUTO GENERATED CODE    ***    Type: MMv1     ***
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     This file is automatically generated by Magic Modules and manual
#     changes will be clobbered when the file is regenerated.
#
#     Please read more about how to change this file in
#     .github/CONTRIBUTING.md.
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
subcategory: "Bigquery Analytics Hub"
description: |-
  A subscription represents a subscribers' access to a particular set of published data.
---

# google\_bigquery\_analytics\_hub\_subscription

A subscription represents a subscribers' access to a particular set of published data. It contains references to associated listings, data exchanges, and linked datasets.


To get more information about Subscription, see:

* [API documentation](https://cloud.google.com/bigquery/docs/reference/analytics-hub/rest/v1/projects.locations.subscriptions)
* How-to Guides
    * [Introduction to Subscriptions](https://cloud.google.com/bigquery/docs/analytics-hub-manage-subscriptions)


## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:


* `data_exchange_id` -
  (Required)
  The ID of the data exchange for subscription. Must contain only Unicode letters, numbers (0-9), underscores (_). Should not use characters that require URL-escaping, or characters outside of ASCII, spaces.

* `listing_id` -
  (Required)
  The ID of the listing for subscription. Must contain only Unicode letters, numbers (0-9), underscores (_). Should not use characters that require URL-escaping, or characters outside of ASCII, spaces.

* `destination_dataset` -
  (Required)
  BigQuery destination dataset to create for the subscriber.
  Structure is [documented below](#nested_destination_dataset).


<a name="nested_destination_dataset"></a>The `destination_dataset` block supports:

* `dataset_reference` -
  (Required)
  Required. A reference that identifies the destination dataset.
  Structure is [documented below](#nested_dataset_reference).

* `friendly_name` -
  (Optional)
  Optional. A descriptive name for the dataset.

* `description` -
  (Optional)
  Optional. A user-friendly description of the dataset.

* `location` -
  (Required)
  Required. The geographic location where the dataset should reside. See https://cloud.google.com/bigquery/docs/locations for supported locations.


<a name="nested_dataset_reference"></a>The `dataset_reference` block supports:

* `dataset_id` -
  (Required)
  Required. A unique ID for this dataset, without the project name. The ID must contain only letters (a-z, A-Z), numbers (0-9), or underscores (_). The maximum length is 1,024 characters.

* `project_id` -
  (Required)
  Required. The ID of the project containing this dataset.

- - -


* `location` -
  (Optional)
  The geographic location where the transfer config should reside.
  Examples: US, EU, asia-northeast1. The default value is US.

* `project` - (Optional) The ID of the project in which the resource belongs.
    If it is not provided, the provider project is used.


## Attributes Reference

In addition to the arguments listed above, the following computed attributes are exported:

* `id` - an identifier for the resource with format `projects/{{project}}/locations/{{location}}/subscriptions/{{subscription_id}}`

* `name` -
  Output only. The resource name of the subscription. e.g. projects/myproject/locations/US/subscriptions/123.

* `creation_time` -
  Output only. Timestamp when the subscription was created.
  A timestamp in RFC3339 UTC "Zulu" format, with nanosecond resolution and up to nine fractional digits. Examples: "2014-10-02T15:01:23Z" and "2014-10-02T15:01:23.045123456Z".

* `last_modify_time` -
  Output only. Timestamp when the subscription was last modified.
  A timestamp in RFC3339 UTC "Zulu" format, with nanosecond resolution and up to nine fractional digits. Examples: "2014-10-02T15:01:23Z" and "2014-10-02T15:01:23.045123456Z".

* `organization_id` -
  Output only. Organization of the project this subscription belongs to.

* `organization_display_name` -
  Output only. Display name of the project of this subscription.

* `state` -
  Output only. Current state of the subscription.

* `linked_dataset_map` -
  Output only. Map of listing resource names to associated linked resource, e.g. projects/123/locations/US/dataExchanges/456/listings/789 -> projects/123/datasets/my_dataset
  For listing-level subscriptions, this is a map of size 1. Only contains values if state == STATE_ACTIVE.
  An object containing a list of "key": value pairs. Example: { "name": "wrench", "mass": "1.3kg", "count": "3" }.
  Structure is [documented below](#nested_linked_dataset_map).

* `subscriber_contact` -
  Output only. Email of the subscriber.

* `listing` -
  Output only. Resource name of the source Listing. e.g. projects/123/locations/US/dataExchanges/456/listings/789

* `data_exchange` -
  Output only. Resource name of the source Data Exchange. e.g. projects/123/locations/US/dataExchanges/456

* `subscription_id` -
  ID of the created subscription


<a name="nested_linked_dataset_map"></a>The `linked_dataset_map` block contains:

* `name` - (Required) The identifier for this object. Format specified above.

* `linked_dataset` -
  (Output)
  Output only. Name of the linked dataset, e.g. projects/subscriberproject/datasets/linkedDataset

## Timeouts

This resource provides the following
[Timeouts](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/plugin/sdkv2/resources/retries-and-customizable-timeouts) configuration options:

- `create` - Default is 20 minutes.
- `delete` - Default is 20 minutes.

## Import


Subscription can be imported using any of these accepted formats:

* `projects/{{project}}/locations/{{location}}/subscriptions/{{subscription_id}}`
* `{{project}}/{{location}}/{{subscription_id}}`
* `{{location}}/{{subscription_id}}`


In Terraform v1.5.0 and later, use an [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) to import Subscription using one of the formats above. For example:

```tf
import {
  id = "projects/{{project}}/locations/{{location}}/subscriptions/{{subscription_id}}"
  to = google_bigquery_analytics_hub_subscription.default
}
```

When using the [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import), Subscription can be imported using one of the formats above. For example:

```
$ terraform import google_bigquery_analytics_hub_subscription.default projects/{{project}}/locations/{{location}}/subscriptions/{{subscription_id}}
$ terraform import google_bigquery_analytics_hub_subscription.default {{project}}/{{location}}/{{subscription_id}}
$ terraform import google_bigquery_analytics_hub_subscription.default {{location}}/{{subscription_id}}
```

## User Project Overrides

This resource supports [User Project Overrides](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/google/latest/docs/guides/provider_reference#user_project_override).
