---
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     ***     AUTO GENERATED CODE    ***    AUTO GENERATED CODE     ***
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     This file is automatically generated by Magic Modules and manual
#     changes will be clobbered when the file is regenerated.
#
#     Please read more about how to change this file in
#     .github/CONTRIBUTING.md.
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
layout: "google"
page_title: "Google: google_cloud_scheduler_job"
sidebar_current: "docs-google-cloud-scheduler-job"
description: |-
  A scheduled job that can publish a pubsub message or a http request
  every X interval of time, using crontab format string
---

# google\_cloud\_scheduler\_job

A scheduled job that can publish a pubsub message or a http request
every X interval of time, using crontab format string

~> **Warning:** This resource is in beta, and should be used with the terraform-provider-google-beta provider.
See [Provider Versions](https://terraform.io/docs/providers/google/provider_versions.html) for more details on beta resources.

To get more information about Job, see:

* [API documentation](https://cloud.google.com/scheduler/docs/reference/rest/)
* How-to Guides
    * [Official Documentation](https://cloud.google.com/scheduler/)

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:


* `name` -
  (Required)
  The name of the job.


The `name` block supports:

- - -


* `description` -
  (Optional)
  A human-readable description for the job. 
  This string must not contain more than 500 characters.

* `schedule` -
  (Optional)
  Describes the schedule on which the job will be executed.

* `time_zone` -
  (Optional)
  Specifies the time zone to be used in interpreting schedule.
  The value of this field must be a time zone name from the tz database.

* `region` -
  (Optional)
  Region where the schedule job resides.

* `retry_config` -
  (Optional)
  By default, if a job does not complete successfully, 
  meaning that an acknowledgement is not received from the handler, 
  then it will be retried with exponential backoff according to the settings  Structure is documented below.

* `pubsub_target` -
  (Optional)
  Pub/Sub target
  If the job providers a Pub/Sub target the cron will publish
  a message to the provided topic  Structure is documented below.

* `app_engine_http_target` -
  (Optional)
  App Engine HTTP target.
  If the job providers a App Engine HTTP target the cron will 
  send a request to the service instance  Structure is documented below.

* `http_target` -
  (Optional)
  HTTP target.
  If the job providers a http_target the cron will 
  send a request to the targeted url  Structure is documented below.
* `project` - (Optional) The ID of the project in which the resource belongs.
    If it is not provided, the provider project is used.


The `description` block supports:

The `schedule` block supports:

The `time_zone` block supports:

The `region` block supports:


## Timeouts

This resource provides the following
[Timeouts](/docs/configuration/resources.html#timeouts) configuration options:

- `create` - Default is 4 minutes.
- `delete` - Default is 4 minutes.

## Import

Job can be imported using any of these accepted formats:

```
$ terraform import -provider=google-beta google_cloud_scheduler_job.default projects/{{project}}/locations/{{region}}/jobs/{{name}}
$ terraform import -provider=google-beta google_cloud_scheduler_job.default {{project}}/{{region}}/{{name}}
$ terraform import -provider=google-beta google_cloud_scheduler_job.default {{name}}
```

-> If you're importing a resource with beta features, make sure to include `-provider=google-beta`
as an argument so that Terraform uses the correct provider to import your resource.
