---
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     ***     AUTO GENERATED CODE    ***    Type: MMv1     ***
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     This file is automatically generated by Magic Modules and manual
#     changes will be clobbered when the file is regenerated.
#
#     Please read more about how to change this file in
#     .github/CONTRIBUTING.md.
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
subcategory: "Cloud Build"
page_title: "Google: google_cloudbuild_git_hub_enterprise_config"
description: |-
  GitHubEnterpriseConfig represents a configuration for a GitHub Enterprise server.
---

# google\_cloudbuild\_git\_hub\_enterprise\_config

GitHubEnterpriseConfig represents a configuration for a GitHub Enterprise server.


To get more information about GitHubEnterpriseConfig, see:

* [API documentation](https://cloud.google.com/build/docs/api/reference/rest/v1/projects.githubEnterpriseConfigs)
* How-to Guides
    * [Creating a GitHub Enterprise trigger](https://cloud.google.com/build/docs/automating-builds/github/build-repos-from-github-enterprise#api)

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:


* `app_id` -
  (Required)
  The GitHub app id of the Cloud Build app on the GitHub Enterprise server.

* `display_name` -
  (Required)
  Name to display for this config.


- - -


* `name` -
  (Optional)
  The full resource name for the GitHubEnterpriseConfig For example: "projects/{$projectId}/githubEnterpriseConfigs/{$configId}"

* `host_url` -
  (Optional)
  The URL of the github enterprise host the configuration is for.

* `webhook_key` -
  (Optional)
  The key that should be attached to webhook calls to the v1.webhook endpoint.

* `peered_network` -
  (Optional)
  The U$RI of the repo (optional). If unspecified, the repo from which the trigger 
  invocation originated is assumed to be the repo from which to read the specified path.
  Optional. The network to be used when reaching out to the GitHub Enterprise server.
  The VPC network must be enabled for private service connection. 
  This should be set if the GitHub Enterprise server is hosted on-premises and not reachable by public internet.
  If this field is left empty, no network peering will occur and calls to the GitHub Enterprise server will be made over the public internet.
  Must be in the format projects/{project}/global/networks/{network}, where {project} is a project number or id and {network} is the name of a VPC network in the project.

* `private_key_name` -
  (Optional)
  Names of secrets in Secret Manager.
  Structure is [documented below](#nested_private_key_name).

* `ssl_ca` -
  (Optional)
  Optional. SSL certificate to use for requests to GitHub Enterprise.

* `project_id` -
  (Optional)
  The ProjectId where the resouce should be creted.


<a name="nested_private_key_name"></a>The `private_key_name` block supports:

* `private_key_version_name` -
  (Required)
  The resource name for the private key secret version.

* `webhook_secret_version_name` -
  (Optional)
  The resource name for the webhook secret secret version in Secret Manager.

* `oauth_secret_version_name` -
  (Optional)
  The resource name for the OAuth secret secret version in Secret Manager.

* `oauth_client_id_version_name` -
  (Optional)
  The resource name for the OAuth client ID secret version in Secret Manager.

## Attributes Reference

In addition to the arguments listed above, the following computed attributes are exported:

* `id` - an identifier for the resource with format `projects/{{$projectId}}/githubEnterpriseConfigs/{{configId}}`

* `create_time` -
  Output only. Time when the installation was associated with the project.
  A timestamp in RFC3339 UTC "Zulu" format, with nanosecond resolution and up to nine fractional digits. 
  Examples: "2014-10-02T15:01:23Z" and "2014-10-02T15:01:23.045123456Z".


## Timeouts

This resource provides the following
[Timeouts](/docs/configuration/resources.html#timeouts) configuration options:

- `create` - Default is 20 minutes.
- `update` - Default is 20 minutes.
- `delete` - Default is 20 minutes.

## Import


GitHubEnterpriseConfig can be imported using any of these accepted formats:

```
$ terraform import google_cloudbuild_git_hub_enterprise_config.default projects/{{project_id}}/githubEnterpriseConfigs/{{name}}
$ terraform import google_cloudbuild_git_hub_enterprise_config.default {{project_id}}/{{name}}
```
