---
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     ***     AUTO GENERATED CODE    ***    Type: MMv1     ***
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     This file is automatically generated by Magic Modules and manual
#     changes will be clobbered when the file is regenerated.
#
#     Please read more about how to change this file in
#     .github/CONTRIBUTING.md.
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
subcategory: "Compute Engine"
layout: "google"
page_title: "Google: google_compute_global_operation"
sidebar_current: "docs-google-compute-global-operation"
description: |-
  Represents a Zone resource.
---

# google\_compute\_global\_operation

Represents a Zone resource.



## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:



- - -


* `name` -
  (Optional)
  Name of the operation.

* `zone` -
  (Optional)
  The URL of the zone where the operation resides. Only applicable when performing per-zone operations.

* `client_operation_id` -
  (Optional)
  The value of requestId if you provided it in the request. Not present otherwise.

* `operation_type` -
  (Optional)
  The type of operation, such as insert, update, or delete, and so on.

* `user` -
  (Optional)
  User who requested the operation, for example: user@example.com.

* `progress` -
  (Optional)
  An optional progress indicator that ranges from 0 to 100. There is no requirement that this be linear or support any granularity of operations. This should not be used to guess when the operation will be complete. This number should monotonically increase as the operation progresses.

* `status` -
  (Optional)
  The status of the operation, which can be one of the following:
  * PENDING
  * PENDINGPENDING
  * DONE
  Possible values are `PENDING`, `PENDING`, and `DONE`.

* `status_message` -
  (Optional)
  An optional textual description of the current status of the operation.

* `project` - (Optional) The ID of the project in which the resource belongs.
    If it is not provided, the provider project is used.


## Attributes Reference

In addition to the arguments listed above, the following computed attributes are exported:

* `id` - an identifier for the resource with format `projects/{{project}}/global/operations/{{name}}`

* `creation_timestamp` -
  Creation timestamp in RFC3339 text format.This field is deprecated.

* `description` -
  An optional textual description of the resource.

* `id` -
  The unique identifier for the resource.

* `insert_time` -
  The time that this operation was requested. This value is in RFC3339 text format.

* `start_time` -
  The time that this operation was started by the server. This value is in RFC3339 text format.

* `end_time` -
  The time that this operation was completed. This value is in RFC3339 text format.
* `self_link` - The URI of the created resource.


## Timeouts

This resource provides the following
[Timeouts](/docs/configuration/resources.html#timeouts) configuration options:

- `create` - Default is 4 minutes.
- `update` - Default is 4 minutes.
- `delete` - Default is 4 minutes.

## Import


GlobalOperation can be imported using any of these accepted formats:

```
$ terraform import google_compute_global_operation.default projects/{{project}}/global/operations/{{name}}
$ terraform import google_compute_global_operation.default {{project}}/{{name}}
$ terraform import google_compute_global_operation.default {{name}}
```

## User Project Overrides

This resource supports [User Project Overrides](https://www.terraform.io/docs/providers/google/guides/provider_reference.html#user_project_override).
