---
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     ***     AUTO GENERATED CODE    ***    Type: MMv1     ***
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     This file is automatically generated by Magic Modules and manual
#     changes will be clobbered when the file is regenerated.
#
#     Please read more about how to change this file in
#     .github/CONTRIBUTING.md.
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
subcategory: "Compute Engine"
page_title: "Google: google_compute_region_commitment"
description: |-
  Represents a commitment resource.
---

# google\_compute\_region\_commitment

Represents a commitment resource. A commitment ensures that capacity is
held in a specific zone even if the reserved VMs are not running.

Commitments for hardware resources are separate from commitments for licenses.
You can purchase both categories of commitments for a VM instance,
but you cannot purchase a single commitment that covers both hardware resources and licenses.


To get more information about RegionCommitment, see:

* [API documentation](https://cloud.google.com/compute/docs/reference/rest/v1/regionCommitments)
* How-to Guides
    * [Committed use discounts](https://cloud.google.com/compute/docs/instances/signing-up-committed-use-discounts)

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:


* `name` -
  (Required)
  Name of the resource. The name must be 1-63 characters long, and comply with
  RFC1035. Specifically, the name must be 1-63 characters long and match
  the regular expression `[a-z]([-a-z0-9]*[a-z0-9])?` which means the
  first character must be a lowercase letter, and all following
  characters must be a dash, lowercase letter, or digit, except the last
  character, which cannot be a dash.

* `plan` -
  (Required)
  The plan for this commitment, which determines duration and discount rate. 
  The currently supported plans are TWELVE_MONTH (1 year), and THIRTY_SIX_MONTH (3 years).
  Possible values are `TWELVE_MONTH` and `THIRTY_SIX_MONTH`.

* `type` -
  (Required)
  The type of commitment, which affects the discount rate and the eligible resources. 
  Type MEMORY_OPTIMIZED specifies a commitment that will only apply to memory optimized machines. 
  Type ACCELERATOR_OPTIMIZED specifies a commitment that will only apply to accelerator optimized machines.

* `category` -
  (Required)
  The category of the commitment. Category MACHINE specifies commitments 
  composed of machine resources such as VCPU or MEMORY, listed in resources. 
  Category LICENSE specifies commitments composed of software licenses, 
  listed in licenseResources. Note that only MACHINE commitments should have a Type specified.
  Possible values are `MACHINE` and `LICENSE`.

* `region` -
  (Required)
  The region where the commitment is made.


- - -


* `description` -
  (Optional)
  An optional description of this resource.

* `resources` -
  (Optional)
  A list of commitment amounts for particular resources. 
  Note that VCPU and MEMORY resource commitments must occur together.
  Structure is [documented below](#nested_resources).

* `license_resource` -
  (Optional)
  The license specification required as part of a license commitment.
  Structure is [documented below](#nested_license_resource).

* `auto_renew` -
  (Optional)
  Specifies whether to enable automatic renewal for the commitment. 
  The default value is false if not specified. 
  The field can be updated until the day of the commitment expiration at 12:00am PST. 
  If the field is set to true, the commitment will be automatically renewed for either 
  one or three years according to the terms of the existing commitment.

* `project` - (Optional) The ID of the project in which the resource belongs.
    If it is not provided, the provider project is used.


<a name="nested_resources"></a>The `resources` block supports:

* `type` -
  (Optional)
  Type of resource for which this commitment applies. Possible values are VCPU and MEMORY
  Possible values are `VCPU` and `MEMORY`.

* `amount` -
  (Optional)
  Amount of the resource. Memory must be be specified in MB.

* `accelerator_type` -
  (Optional)
  Name of the accelerator type resource. Applicable only when the type is ACCELERATOR.

<a name="nested_license_resource"></a>The `license_resource` block supports:

* `license` -
  (Optional)
  Any applicable license URI.

* `amount` -
  (Optional)
  The number of licenses purchased.

* `cores_per_license` -
  (Optional)
  Specifies the core range of the instance for which this license applies.

## Attributes Reference

In addition to the arguments listed above, the following computed attributes are exported:

* `id` - an identifier for the resource with format `projects/{{project}}/regions/{{region}}/commitments/{{name}}`

* `id` -
  The unique identifier for the resource.

* `status` -
  Status of the commitment with regards to eventual expiration (each commitment 
  has an end date defined). One of the following values: NOT_YET_ACTIVE, ACTIVE, EXPIRED.
* `self_link` - The URI of the created resource.


## Timeouts

This resource provides the following
[Timeouts](/docs/configuration/resources.html#timeouts) configuration options:

- `create` - Default is 20 minutes.
- `update` - Default is 20 minutes.
- `delete` - Default is 20 minutes.

## Import


RegionCommitment can be imported using any of these accepted formats:

```
$ terraform import google_compute_region_commitment.default projects/{{project}}/regions/{{region}}/commitments/{{name}}
$ terraform import google_compute_region_commitment.default {{project}}/{{region}}/{{name}}
$ terraform import google_compute_region_commitment.default {{region}}/{{name}}
$ terraform import google_compute_region_commitment.default {{name}}
```

## User Project Overrides

This resource supports [User Project Overrides](https://www.terraform.io/docs/providers/google/guides/provider_reference.html#user_project_override).
