---
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     ***     AUTO GENERATED CODE    ***    Type: MMv1     ***
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     This file is automatically generated by Magic Modules and manual
#     changes will be clobbered when the file is regenerated.
#
#     Please read more about how to change this file in
#     .github/CONTRIBUTING.md.
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
subcategory: "Compute Engine"
layout: "google"
page_title: "Google: google_compute_accelerator_type"
sidebar_current: "docs-google-compute-accelerator-type"
description: |-
  Represents a Zone resource.
---

# google\_compute\_accelerator\_type

Represents a Zone resource.



## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:



- - -


* `name` -
  (Optional)
  Name of the resource.

* `zone` -
  (Optional)
  The name of the zone where the accelerator type resides.

* `project` - (Optional) The ID of the project in which the resource belongs.
    If it is not provided, the provider project is used.


## Attributes Reference

In addition to the arguments listed above, the following computed attributes are exported:

* `id` - an identifier for the resource with format `projects/{{project}}/zones/{{zone}}/acceleratorTypes/{{name}}`

* `creation_timestamp` -
  Creation timestamp in RFC3339 text format.

* `deprecated` -
  The deprecation status associated with this accelerator type.
  Structure is [documented below](#nested_deprecated).

* `description` -
  An optional textual description of the resource.

* `id` -
  The unique identifier for the resource.
* `self_link` - The URI of the created resource.


<a name="nested_deprecated"></a>The `deprecated` block contains:

* `state` -
  An optional RFC3339 timestamp on or after which the state of this
  resource is intended to change to DELETED. This is only
  informational and the status will not change unless the client
  explicitly changes it.

* `deprecated` -
  An optional RFC3339 timestamp on or after which the state of this
  resource is intended to change to DEPRECATED. This is only
  informational and the status will not change unless the client
  explicitly changes it.

* `obsolete` -
  An optional RFC3339 timestamp on or after which the state of this
  resource is intended to change to OBSOLETE. This is only
  informational and the status will not change unless the client
  explicitly changes it.

* `replacement` -
  The URL of the suggested replacement for a deprecated resource.
  The suggested replacement resource must be the same kind of
  resource as the deprecated resource.

* `state` -
  The deprecation state of this resource. This can be DEPRECATED,
  OBSOLETE, or DELETED. Operations which create a new resource
  using a DEPRECATED resource will return successfully, but with a
  warning indicating the deprecated resource and recommending its
  replacement. Operations which use OBSOLETE or DELETED resources
  will be rejected and result in an error.

## Timeouts

This resource provides the following
[Timeouts](/docs/configuration/resources.html#timeouts) configuration options:

- `create` - Default is 4 minutes.
- `update` - Default is 4 minutes.
- `delete` - Default is 4 minutes.

## Import


AcceleratorType can be imported using any of these accepted formats:

```
$ terraform import google_compute_accelerator_type.default projects/{{project}}/zones/{{zone}}/acceleratorTypes/{{name}}
$ terraform import google_compute_accelerator_type.default {{project}}/{{zone}}/{{name}}
$ terraform import google_compute_accelerator_type.default {{zone}}/{{name}}
$ terraform import google_compute_accelerator_type.default {{name}}
```

## User Project Overrides

This resource supports [User Project Overrides](https://www.terraform.io/docs/providers/google/guides/provider_reference.html#user_project_override).
