---
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     ***     AUTO GENERATED CODE    ***    Type: MMv1     ***
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     This file is automatically generated by Magic Modules and manual
#     changes will be clobbered when the file is regenerated.
#
#     Please read more about how to change this file in
#     .github/CONTRIBUTING.md.
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
subcategory: "Firebase"
page_title: "Google: google_firebase_project"
description: |-
  A Google Cloud Firebase instance.
---

# google\_firebase\_project

A Google Cloud Firebase instance. This enables Firebase resources on a given google project.
Since a FirebaseProject is actually also a GCP Project, a FirebaseProject uses underlying GCP
identifiers (most importantly, the projectId) as its own for easy interop with GCP APIs.
Once Firebase has been added to a Google Project it cannot be removed.

~> **Warning:** This resource is in beta, and should be used with the terraform-provider-google-beta provider.
See [Provider Versions](https://terraform.io/docs/providers/google/guides/provider_versions.html) for more details on beta resources.

To get more information about Project, see:

* [API documentation](https://firebase.google.com/docs/reference/firebase-management/rest/v1beta1/projects)
* How-to Guides
    * [Official Documentation](https://firebase.google.com/)

## Example Usage - Firebase Project Basic


```hcl
resource "google_project" "default" {
  provider = google-beta

  project_id = "tf-test%{random_suffix}"
  name       = "tf-test%{random_suffix}"
  org_id     = "123456789"
}

resource "google_firebase_project" "default" {
  provider = google-beta
  project  = google_project.default.project_id
}
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:



- - -


* `project` - (Optional) The ID of the project in which the resource belongs.
    If it is not provided, the provider project is used.


## Attributes Reference

In addition to the arguments listed above, the following computed attributes are exported:

* `id` - an identifier for the resource with format `projects/{{project}}`

* `project_number` -
  Immutable. The globally unique, Google-assigned canonical identifier
  for the Project. Use this identifier when configuring integrations and/or
  making API calls to Firebase or third-party services.

* `display_name` -
  The user-assigned display name of the Project. This field may only be assigned on Update.

* `resources` -
  The default Firebase resources associated with the Project. This field will be deprecated.
  Structure is [documented below](#nested_resources).


<a name="nested_resources"></a>The `resources` block contains:

* `hosting_site` -
  The default Firebase Hosting site name, in the format:
  `PROJECT_ID` Though rare, your `projectId` might already be used as
  the name for an existing Hosting site in another project (learn more
  about creating non-default, [additional sites](https://firebase.google.com/docs/hosting/multisites)).
  In these cases, your `projectId` is appended with a hyphen then five
  alphanumeric characters to create your default Hosting site name.
  For example, if your `projectId` is `myproject123`, your default Hosting
  site name might be: `myproject123-a5c16`.

* `location_id` -
  The ID of the Project's default GCP resource location.
  The location is one of the available [GCP resource locations](https://firebase.google.com/docs/projects/locations).
  This field is omitted if the default GCP resource location has not
  been finalized yet. To set a Project's default GCP resource location,
  call [`FinalizeDefaultLocation`](../projects.defaultLocation/finalize)
  after you add Firebase resources to the Project.

* `realtime_database_instance` -
  The default Firebase Realtime Database instance name,
  in the format: `PROJECT_ID` Though rare, your `projectId` might already
  be used as the name for an existing Realtime Database instance in
  another project (learn more about [database sharding](https://firebase.google.com/docs/database/usage/sharding)).
  In these cases, your `projectId` is appended with a hyphen then five
  alphanumeric characters to create your default Realtime Database instance
  name. For example, if your `projectId` is `myproject123`, your default
  database instance name might be: `myproject123-a5c16`

* `storage_bucket` -
  The default Cloud Storage for Firebase storage bucket, in the format: `PROJECT_ID.appspot.com`.

## Timeouts

This resource provides the following
[Timeouts](/docs/configuration/resources.html#timeouts) configuration options:

- `create` - Default is 20 minutes.
- `delete` - Default is 20 minutes.

## Import


Project can be imported using any of these accepted formats:

```
$ terraform import google_firebase_project.default projects/{{project}}
$ terraform import google_firebase_project.default {{project}}
```

## User Project Overrides

This resource supports [User Project Overrides](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/google/latest/docs/guides/provider_reference#user_project_override).
