---
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     ***     AUTO GENERATED CODE    ***    Type: MMv1     ***
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     This file is automatically generated by Magic Modules and manual
#     changes will be clobbered when the file is regenerated.
#
#     Please read more about how to change this file in
#     .github/CONTRIBUTING.md.
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
subcategory: "Firestore"
page_title: "Google: google_firestore_database"
description: |-
  Creates a database.
---

# google\_firestore\_database

Creates a database.


To get more information about Database, see:

* [API documentation](https://cloud.google.com/firestore/docs/reference/rest/v1/projects.databases)
* How-to Guides
    * [Official Documentation](https://firebase.google.com/docs/firestore/quickstart)

~> **Warning:** This resource creates a Firestore Database on a project that already has
Firestore enabled.

## Example Usage - Firestore Database Basic


```hcl
resource "google_firestore_database" "default" {
  parent      = "projects/"
  database_id = "(default)"
  type        = "FIRESTORE_NATIVE"
  name        = "projects//databases/(default)"
  location_id = "us-west1"
}
```
## Example Usage - Firestore Database Full


```hcl
resource "google_firestore_database" "default" {
  parent      = "projects/"
  database_id = "(default)"
  name        = "projects//databases/(default)"
  type        = "FIRESTORE_NATIVE"
  location_id = "us-west1"
}
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:


* `name` -
  (Required)
  The resource name of the Database. Format: projects/{project}/databases/{database}

* `location_id` -
  (Required)
  The location of the database. Available databases are listed at 
  https://cloud.google.com/firestore/docs/locations.

* `type` -
  (Required)
  The type of the database. See https://cloud.google.com/datastore/docs/firestore-or-datastore for information about how to choose.
  Possible values are `FIRESTORE_NATIVE`, `DATASTORE_MODE`, and `DATABASE_TYPE_UNSPECIFIED`.

* `parent` -
  (Required)
  Required. A parent name of the form projects/{project_id}

* `database_id` -
  (Required)
  Required. The ID to use for the database, which will become the final component of the database's resource name.
  This value should be 4-63 characters. Valid characters are /[a-z][0-9]-/ with first character a letter and the last a letter or a number. 
  Must not be UUID-like /[0-9a-f]{8}(-[0-9a-f]{4}){3}-[0-9a-f]{12}/.
  "(default)" database id is also valid.


- - -


* `concurrency_mode` -
  (Optional)
  The concurrency control mode to use for this database.
  Possible values are `CONCURRENCY_MODE_UNSPECIFIED`, `OPTIMISTIC`, `PESSIMISTIC`, and `OPTIMISTIC_WITH_ENTITY_GROUPS`.

* `app_engine_integration_mode` -
  (Optional)
  The App Engine integration mode to use for this database.
  Possible values are `APP_ENGINE_INTEGRATION_MODE_UNSPECIFIED`, `ENABLED`, and `DISABLED`.

* `project` - (Optional) The ID of the project in which the resource belongs.
    If it is not provided, the provider project is used.


## Attributes Reference

In addition to the arguments listed above, the following computed attributes are exported:

* `id` - an identifier for the resource with format `{{name}}`

* `key_prefix` -
  Output only. The keyPrefix for this database. 
  This keyPrefix is used, in combination with the project id ("~") to construct the application id 
  that is returned from the Cloud Datastore APIs in Google App Engine first generation runtimes.


## Timeouts

This resource provides the following
[Timeouts](/docs/configuration/resources.html#timeouts) configuration options:

- `create` - Default is 20 minutes.
- `update` - Default is 20 minutes.
- `delete` - Default is 20 minutes.

## Import


Database can be imported using any of these accepted formats:

```
$ terraform import google_firestore_database.default {{name}}
```

## User Project Overrides

This resource supports [User Project Overrides](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/google/latest/docs/guides/provider_reference#user_project_override).
