
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     ***     AUTO GENERATED CODE    ***    AUTO GENERATED CODE     ***
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     This file is automatically generated by Magic Modules and manual
#     changes will be clobbered when the file is regenerated.
#
#     Please read more about how to change this file in
#     .github/CONTRIBUTING.md.
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------

---

subcategory: "GkeHub"
layout: "google"
page_title: "Google: google_gke_hub_feature"
sidebar_current: "docs-google-gke-hub-feature"
description: |-
Beta only
---

# google\_gke\_hub\_feature

Beta only

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `location` -
  (Required)
  The location for the resource
  


- - -

* `labels` -
  (Optional)
  GCP labels for this Feature.
  
* `name` -
  (Optional)
  The full, unique name of this Feature resource
  
* `project` -
  (Optional)
  The project for the resource
  
* `spec` -
  (Optional)
  Optional. Hub-wide Feature configuration. If this Feature does not support any Hub-wide configuration, this field may be unused.
  


The `spec` block supports:
    
* `multiclusteringress` -
  (Optional)
  Multicluster Ingress-specific spec.
    
The `multiclusteringress` block supports:
    
* `config_membership` -
  (Optional)
  Fully-qualified Membership name which hosts the MultiClusterIngress CRD. Example: `projects/foo-proj/locations/global/memberships/bar`
    
## Attributes Reference

In addition to the arguments listed above, the following computed attributes are exported:

* `id` - an identifier for the resource with format `projects/{{project}}/locations/{{location}}/features/{{name}}`

* `create_time` -
  Output only. When the Feature resource was created.
  
* `delete_time` -
  Output only. When the Feature resource was deleted.
  
* `update_time` -
  Output only. When the Feature resource was last updated.
  
## Timeouts

This resource provides the following
[Timeouts](/docs/configuration/resources.html#timeouts) configuration options:

- `create` - Default is 10 minutes.
- `update` - Default is 10 minutes.
- `delete` - Default is 10 minutes.

## Import

Feature can be imported using any of these accepted formats:

```
$ terraform import google_gke_hub_feature.default projects/{{project}}/locations/{{location}}/features/{{name}}
$ terraform import google_gke_hub_feature.default {{project}}/{{location}}/{{name}}
$ terraform import google_gke_hub_feature.default {{location}}/{{name}}
```



