---
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     ***     AUTO GENERATED CODE    ***    Type: MMv1     ***
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     This file is automatically generated by Magic Modules and manual
#     changes will be clobbered when the file is regenerated.
#
#     Please read more about how to change this file in
#     .github/CONTRIBUTING.md.
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
subcategory: "Integration Connectors"
description: |-
  An Integration connectors Connection.
---

# google\_integration\_connectors\_connection

An Integration connectors Connection.


To get more information about Connection, see:

* [API documentation](https://cloud.google.com/integration-connectors/docs/reference/rest/v1/projects.locations.connections)
* How-to Guides
    * [Official Documentation](https://cloud.google.com/integration-connectors/docs/createconnection)

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:


* `location` -
  (Required)
  Location in which Connection needs to be created.


- - -


* `region` -
  (Optional)
  The region of the Connection.

* `description` -
  (Optional)
  An arbitrary description for the Conection.

* `labels` -
  (Optional)
  Resource labels to represent user provided metadata.

* `connector_version` -
  (Optional)
  connectorVersion.

* `config_variables` -
  (Optional)
  Config Variables for the connection.
  Structure is [documented below](#nested_config_variables).

* `auth_config` -
  (Optional)
  authConfig for the connection.
  Structure is [documented below](#nested_auth_config).

* `service_account` -
  (Optional)
  Service Account that will be used.

* `service_directory` -
  (Optional)
  Service Directory that will be used.

* `destination_config` -
  (Optional)
  DestinationConfig for the connection.
  Structure is [documented below](#nested_destination_config).

* `node_config` -
  (Optional)
  Node configuration for the connection.
  Structure is [documented below](#nested_node_config).

* `eventing_config` -
  (Optional)
  Eventing Configuration of a connection
  Structure is [documented below](#nested_eventing_config).

* `eventing_enablement_type` -
  (Optional)
  Eventing Enablement Type enum.
  Possible values are: `EVENTING_ENABLEMENT_TYPE_UNSPECIFIED`, `EVENTING_AND_CONNECTION`, `ONLY_EVENTING`.

* `project` - (Optional) The ID of the project in which the resource belongs.
    If it is not provided, the provider project is used.


<a name="nested_config_variables"></a>The `config_variables` block supports:

* `key` -
  (Optional)
  Key for the connection

<a name="nested_auth_config"></a>The `auth_config` block supports:

* `auth_type` -
  (Optional)
  authType of the Connection
  Possible values are: `AUTH_TYPE_UNSPECIFIED`, `USER_PASSWORD`, `OAUTH2_JWT_BEARER`, `OAUTH2_CLIENT_CREDENTIALS`, `SSH_PUBLIC_KEY`, `OAUTH2_AUTH_CODE_FLOW`.

* `user_password` -
  (Optional)
  A nested object resource
  Structure is [documented below](#nested_user_password).


<a name="nested_user_password"></a>The `user_password` block supports:

* `username` -
  (Optional)
  Username for Authentication.

* `password` -
  (Optional)
  Password for Authentication.
  Structure is [documented below](#nested_password).


<a name="nested_password"></a>The `password` block supports:

* `secret_version` -
  (Optional)
  Secret version of Password for Authentication.

<a name="nested_destination_config"></a>The `destination_config` block supports:

* `key` -
  (Optional)
  Key for the connection

* `destinations` -
  (Optional)
  destinations for the connection
  Structure is [documented below](#nested_destinations).


<a name="nested_destinations"></a>The `destinations` block supports:

* `port` -
  (Optional)
  port number

* `service_attachment` -
  (Optional)
  Service Attachment

* `host` -
  (Optional)
  Host

<a name="nested_node_config"></a>The `node_config` block supports:

* `min_node_count` -
  (Optional)
  minNodeCount for the node

* `max_node_count` -
  (Optional)
  maxNodeCount for the node

<a name="nested_eventing_config"></a>The `eventing_config` block supports:

* `registration_destination_config` -
  (Optional)
  registrationDestinationConfig
  Structure is [documented below](#nested_registration_destination_config).


<a name="nested_registration_destination_config"></a>The `registration_destination_config` block supports:

* `destination_config` -
  (Optional)
  DestinationConfig for the connection.
  Structure is [documented below](#nested_destination_config).


<a name="nested_destination_config"></a>The `destination_config` block supports:

* `key` -
  (Optional)
  Key for the connection

* `destinations` -
  (Optional)
  destinations for the connection
  Structure is [documented below](#nested_destinations).


<a name="nested_destinations"></a>The `destinations` block supports:

* `port` -
  (Optional)
  port number

* `service_attachment` -
  (Optional)
  Service Attachment

* `host` -
  (Optional)
  Host

## Attributes Reference

In addition to the arguments listed above, the following computed attributes are exported:

* `id` - an identifier for the resource with format `projects/{{project}}/locations/{{location}}/connections/{{name}}`

* `name` -
  Name of the connection resource.

* `status` -
  Status of the Integration Connector.
  Structure is [documented below](#nested_status).


<a name="nested_status"></a>The `status` block contains:

* `state` -
  (Optional)
  State of the Integration Connector
  Default value is `STATE_UNSPECIFIED`.
  Possible values are: `STATE_UNSPECIFIED`, `CREATING`, `ACTIVE`, `INACTIVE`, `DELETING`, `;UPDATING`, `ERROR`, `AUTHORIZATION_REQUIRED`.

## Timeouts

This resource provides the following
[Timeouts](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/plugin/sdkv2/resources/retries-and-customizable-timeouts) configuration options:

- `create` - Default is 20 minutes.
- `update` - Default is 20 minutes.
- `delete` - Default is 20 minutes.

## Import


Connection can be imported using any of these accepted formats:

* `projects/{{project}}/locations/{{location}}/connections/{{name}}`
* `{{project}}/{{location}}/{{name}}`
* `{{location}}/{{name}}`


In Terraform v1.5.0 and later, use an [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) to import Connection using one of the formats above. For example:

```tf
import {
  id = "projects/{{project}}/locations/{{location}}/connections/{{name}}"
  to = google_integration_connectors_connection.default
}
```

When using the [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import), Connection can be imported using one of the formats above. For example:

```
$ terraform import google_integration_connectors_connection.default projects/{{project}}/locations/{{location}}/connections/{{name}}
$ terraform import google_integration_connectors_connection.default {{project}}/{{location}}/{{name}}
$ terraform import google_integration_connectors_connection.default {{location}}/{{name}}
```

## User Project Overrides

This resource supports [User Project Overrides](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/google/latest/docs/guides/provider_reference#user_project_override).
